Telco 148 magma agw docs (#9)
canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap: documentation/how-to-guides/deploy_magma_access_gateway.md

# How-to: Deploy Magma Access Gateway using snap

The goal of this document is to guide the Operator through the process of deploying 
Magma Access Gateway using [magma-access-gateway](https://snapcraft.io/magma-access-gateway) snap.

> > **NOTES**<br>

Author: Done.

### System requirements

- 64bit-X86 machine
- Baremetal strongly recommended
- Two ethernet interfaces (SGi and S1)
- Internet connectivity from SGi interface
- Ubuntu 20.04 LTS installed
  ([Ubuntu installation guide](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/installation-guide/amd64/index.html))

## 1. Install magma-access-gateway snap

From your Magma AGW host machine execute:

```bash

> snap install magma-access-gateway --classic

Reviewer: Should we add `--edge` to the install command?

Author: So I didn't put it deliberately - if you don't put it, command will fail and you'll be instructed to use `--edge` and in short time we should have package published to other channels, so `--edge` will not be necessary. So essentially it's all about not having to update the docs after we promote snap.

> > **WARNING:** **magma-access-gateway** snap will affect your computer's networking configuration. 

Author: Done.

> Make sure it is installed on designated hardware (personal computers are strongly discouraged).

**Operating System**

- Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
  ([Ubuntu installation guide](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/installation-guide/amd64/index.html))

## 1. Install

Connect to the machine where you want to install Magma Access Gateway and execute:

```bash
snap install magma-access-gateway --classic
magma-access-gateway.install
```

> > **NOTE**: To see the list of currently supported configuration options, execute:

Author: Done.

# How-to: Deploy Magma Access Gateway using snap

The goal of this document is to guide the operator through the process of deploying 

> Magma Access Gateway using [magma-access-gateway](https://snapcraft.io/magma-access-gateway) snap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Magma Access Gateway using [snap](https://snapcraft.io/magma-access-gateway).
```

Reviewer 2: I think there are too many instances of the word "access gateway". Sorry for nitpicking.

> Magma Access Gateway to a [compliant](#System requirements) piece of hardware using 

Author: As suggested below, I've completely removed information about compliance.

> > **WARNING:** **magma-access-gateway** snap will affect your computer's networking configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **WARNING:** Installing this snap will affect your computer's networking configuration.
```

> Unless specified otherwise, all actions in this guide are executed using `root` account.<br>

Author: Done.

Installation progress can be monitored at all times using `journalctl`.

### System requirements

- 64bit-X86 machine
- Baremetal strongly recommended

>   - AMD64 dual-core processor around 2GHz clock speed or faster

Author: Done.

  - 4GB RAM
  - 32GB or greater SSD storage
- At least two ethernet interfaces (SGi and S1)
- Internet connectivity from SGi interface
- Ubuntu 20.04 LTS installed

>   ([Ubuntu installation guide](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/installation-guide/amd64/index.html))

Author: I like the first one better. 
Changed.

## 1. Install magma-access-gateway snap

> From your Magma AGW host machine execute:

Author: Changed.

```bash
snap install magma-access-gateway --classic
```

> ## 2. Install magma-access-gateway

Author: Agreed. Changed.

> 1. To see the list of currently supported configuration options, execute:
> ```bash
> magma-access-gateway.install --help
> ```
> 2. Unless specified otherwise, all actions in this guide are executed using `root` account.<br>
> 3. Installation progress can be monitored at all times using `journalctl`.

> Connect to the machine where you want to install Magma Access Gateway and execute the following command as root:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connect to the machine where you want to install Magma Access Gateway and execute the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: No need for the "as root" since you placed the notes before. I added the "root" because I had proposed initially to place the notes after. But I think it's fine like it is (if we remove the "as root")

configuration options which can be used in the form of flags added to the main installation 

> command. To see the list of currently supported configuration options, execute:

Author: Done.

snap install magma-access-gateway --classic
magma-access-gateway.install
```

> > **NOTE**: To see the list of currently supported configuration options, execute:

Reviewer 2: This line is present twice. This instance of it can be removed.

Author: Ups, my bad.
Removed.

> ## 3. Configure magma-access-gateway

Author: Changed.

- Get `rootCA.pem` certificate used during the Orc8r deployment.
- Upload `rootCA.pem` to AGW host
- From AGW host execute:

> 

Author: Changed.

> Fetch `rootCA.pem` certificate from Orchestrator, upload it to AGW host and execute:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fetch `rootCA.pem` certificate from Orchestrator, upload it to the Access Gateway host and execute:
```

Reviewer 2: Let's make sure to explain acronyms when we introduce them. In this document, "AGW" was never explained.

magma-access-gateway.configure --domain <Orc8r domain> --root-ca-pem-path <path to Root CA PEM>
```

> ## 4. Verify magma-access-gateway deployment

Author: Changed.

Once Access Gateway has been successfully attached to the network, deployment can be verified 

> by running below command from the AGW host:

Author: Changed.
